well it is the third day of worlds of
course my coverage presented by mobile
it excite now by trick as well as surely
who's gonna help translate now trick
talk to me about how things are going
with g2 because I know you had a rough
loss before but you were able to win
today so how does g2 feel overall put
the team name Donga open again tonight
penguin and cantaloupe or coupons on
choice in bhakti well except for today
we lost a game we already were in always
in good mood and especially because we
won today we're in a super nice mood
very very good
I'd love to ask you I know that there
are several Korean teams here obviously
are you friends with any of those
players and you talk to them since you
are at the same event is Emmanuel and
they are now you kids in green PDD koji
Tim Samaras oohlalaseoul
okay I used to be in the same team with
BDD for more than eight years so I know
him very well and I think I'm he's my
kind of friend do you have a chance to
speak with him and hang out with him at
this event
Yokoyama casino Sunday but game it is
are you kidding Bonnie don't know too
much
well we didn't really have time to hang
out but we did talk a lot about the game
now na has kind of had a hype train now
because we are on a four-game win streak
with your victory EU is now on a 2 game
win streak do you think that we can
officially engage the EU hype train
their young gay we're not good you know
too young everything it's a lie oh the
time button and you get bunny little
bunny you so much okay sir
ut me well I think it was just bad luck
very unfortunate and we I wish that we
could win more now from the next games
very good so maybe we can get the EU
hype train going you know one thing that
is interesting is I talked to a lot of
Korean players and I asked them what
they think of the Western teams many of
them say TSM they're gonna win - guess
I'm so good I also hear many of them say
g2 is so good and g2 has a chance to go
very far
why do you think it is that the Korean
players seem to believe in g2 this whole
could team the Chinese huh tomorrow so I
co got up in the totally new intern
Koran and they are also dedicated to do
pity on caucus Mika Europe joking Sancho
I got all cuckoo resort croquet single
fashion and karate well I believe in
Europe we are the best team and maybe
that is why they think about us like
that all right
I don't know if we'll see this matchup
but if we saw g2 vs. TSM who would win
again there to attest Damian and Damian
Dukakis Nita
she took off was upon him absolutely G -
there it is there it is so maybe we'll
see it happen who knows what will happen
at Worlds other than that how are you
handling China and how is the team
handling China I know for some of the
Western teams that can be a little
uncomfortable how are you enjoying China
now you could also look around and go
: do karate I think we don't really have
a problem we're kind of satisfy to your
except that our teammates and don't
really like the ranked gaming trainer
why don't they like rank game and China
are that is it very toxic or why don't
they like it
tantos overruled and soggy Managua
consult some money logical on about
tea well I think it's because in general
the Chinese rank game players they just
love to create teamfight is it that good
practice seventies are nakiya or twenty
unions have been gotten their talent
among grunting unions gotcha
for me definitely it is but I don't
think other teammates think that way too
is there anything that you would like to
say to any of the fans especially the
European fans at home right now that are
rooting for g2 so much and protecting me
down oh so you got to paradise Altamont
okay cool
oh we lost a samsung galaxy and the
group in our group for the first game
but please continue to cheer us and we
will now return with victory thank you
so much trigger for the interview thank
you surely for the translation for Evan
else you can check out the rest of our
coverage of all things worlds right here
on my youtube channel thanks so much for
watching another one of my world's
interviews I want to give a shout out to
mobile it expired sponsor for this event
they are all about helping you identify
your personal strengths and weaknesses
in League of Legends so you can get
better and by the way they are also
doing a giveaway so check that out in
the comments and you can sign up at
mobile XD g / Travis